Summary

I am a Web Developer working in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ruby on Rails, ReactJS, and NodeJS. I used to be a line cook working in restaurants and a food truck. Being a line cook has taught me to focus on time management and exercising patience when the work place gets hectic. Currently, I am working on a personal portfolio website displaying all my projects. Being built with ReactJS.

Technical Skills


• HTML				• CSS					• JavaScript
• Materialize				• jQuery				• BootStrap
• ReactJS				• NodeJS				• Express
• Ruby on Rails			• SQL					• Mongo

Projects

Black Jack:

	I have made a web based application that allows someone to play the classic card game, black jack. It is a full working version which allows a player to make a wager, and play against the dealer one on one. The technologies used to make the application were: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery.

Aberrant Barter:

	I also made an application where users can sign-up or log-in to an account and post an item that they would like to trade. Another user would then make a trade offer for that item. If the first user likes the trade proposal, they have the option to accept the trade and take the item off the listing page. The technologies used were: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, and Ruby on Rails.

Let’s Fly:

	If you are looking to find a first flight out of town, or if you need inspiration for a vacation you would like to take, then this is the app for you! This was our first group project and my role was being the scrum master and ensuring that all team members stay on track and organized. Our team used, HTML, Materialize, JavaScript, Node.js, Express, Amadeus API, Google API, Wikipedia API, and 500px API. 




Drawify:
	
	This is an application that allows a user to snap a photo of themselves, using their computers web camera, and then the user can draw over that picture. The entire application was built using React.js, JavaScript, Node.js, Materialize, and Express.

Experience

Manager
Cousin's Maine Lobster
Mar 2013 – Jan 2016 
Los Angeles, CA
- Successfully launched over ten franchise food trucks in different cities across the nation.  - Provided leadership and management for all employees (15 employees) in the company.  - Catered countless events, with guests often numbering in the 100s.  - Trained incoming employees on the all the tasks and duties they needed to perform on the job.

Line Cook
BJs Restaurant & Brewhouse
Apr 2012 – Oct 2013 
West Covina, CA
- Responsible for maintaining quality food standards in a constantly hectic environment.  - Trained in four different line stations including: pizza, entree, sandwich, and pasta. - Had the task of training incoming employees to be successful and meet the high standards we had.


Education

Web Development Immersive at General Assembly - 2017